The Deathly Hallows
===================

Brief Overview
--------------

The Deathly Hallows begins at Malfoy Manor. Snape tells Voldemort the day Harry and his friends plan on leaving his house on Privet Drive to the safe house. This way Voldemort can plan to capture Harry. Before leaving, Harry reads the obituaries of Dumbledore and notices information he never knew about him. The Order shows up including Professor Mad eye Moody and he tells everyone to change into Harry's clothes and to take a Polyjuice potion to confuse Voldemort on which Harry is the real one. When they leave, they are immediately attacked. Harry fends off Voldemort. Harry arrives at the Weasley's house but no one else is there. Everyone shows up and find that Mad eye Moody has died. Harry has a vision of Voldemort interrogating Olivander the wand maker, asking him where the Elder wand is.
The next day, they are visited by the minister of magic because in Dumbledore's will he had left items for the three. The first one is a Deluminator that turns lights off. Hermione is left a book, *The Tales of Beedle and the Bard* that carries many wizard tales. Harry is left the first snitch he caught in his first game of Quidditch. They have no idea what these gifts mean.
During the wedding of Bill and Fleurs, death eaters attack and announce that the minister of magic is dead. The three Disapparate to London where hopefully no death eaters have followed. They find solice at the Order's safe house alone and find it has been rummaged through. There they open the locket Harry and Dumbledore found before he died. In it, there was a note stating R.A.B has stolen the real Holcruax and intends to destroy it. R.A.B is Regulus Arcturus Black, Sirius' dead younger brother. Harry summons Kreacher, a house-elf and finds out Kreacher saw him sell it to Mundungus Fletcher and orders Kreacher to capture him. Kreacher brings Mundungus to the house and Harry asks who he gave it to. Dolores Umbridge.
The three then decide to take a Polyjuice potion to sneak into the ministry and end up stealing the Holcrauz locket from Dolores' neck and are chased by another man  who is a death eater of Voldemort's. They get away and disapparate into the woods. The bulk of the book is then spent by them hunting and figuring out what the other Holcrauxs' are. Ron gets frustrated and leaves. Hermione and Harry visit Godrick's Hollow to visit the graves of Harry's parents and find Bathilda Bagshot. They also find Dumbledore's parents' grave and notice a symbol that also shows up repeatedly in the book Hermione got from Dumbledore. They have an encounter with Bathilda but it is not really her. A snake reveals itself and tries to kill them. They get away safely. Harry reads information about Grindlewald having the elder wand and realizes that's who Voldemort is lookng for. Voldemort finds the elder wand buried with Dumbledore.
One night Harry is keeping watch, and sees a doe patronus that leads him to the sword of Gryffindor and Ron. They use the sword to destroy the locket. The three then go visit Xenophilius Lovegood, Luna's father, to learn more information about the elder wand. He explains that the symbol they keep seeing is the Deathly Hallows. The elder wand, cloak of invisibility, and the ressurection stone. If one were to obtain all three objects they will become the master of death. Xenophilius then betrays them to death eaters in hopes of getting Luna back. They chase them down and capture them. At Malfoy Manor, Bellatrix La Strange tortures Hermione asking why she stoly the sword from her vault. Dobby a free elf appears and helps them escape. Although just as they are disapparating, Bellatrix throws a knife and kills Dobby. Harry thinks there must be a Holcraux in Bellatrix's vault because she was so worried about the sword. With Griphook's help they successfuly get the cup from Bellatrix's vault and escape to Hogsmeade. There they find Abeforth, Dumbledore's brother and go to HOgwarts through a secret passage way. Harry tells Dumbledore's army that he needs help finding a lost item that has something to do with Ravenclaw. Voldemort and his followers attack Hogwarts and the porfessors and students rally to fend them off while Harry destroys the diedem.
Harry sees Voldemort killing Snape, since Snape killed Dumbledore the wand will not answer to Voldemort unless he kills Snape. Before Snape dies he gives Harry his memories. Harry views the memories in the headmasters office and finds out Snape was working with dumbledore all along. Beceause Dumbledore was going to die from the ring anyway, he ordered Snape to kill him instead to save Drako and keep the owner of the elder wand a secret (who was Drako because he disarmed Dumbledore). Harry also finds out Snape was in love with his mother and was working to protect Harry and Hogwarts. Through a conversation with Dumbledore, Snape learned that part of Voldemort's soul lives within Harry and to defeat Voldemort Harry must die.
Harry walks to the forbidden forest and discoverws the ressurection stone inside of his snitch and is visited by all his lost loved ones. Voldemort kills Harry and HArry shows up in King's cross station. HArry is visited by Dumbledore and is told he is not dead but the soul of Voldemort is. Due to the love of Lily POtter saving Harry, since Voldemort used Harry's blood ressurecting himself, Voldemort cannot kill Harry.
Harry wakes up when Voldemort takes him to Hogwarts to show everyone, they rally, kill Nigini the final Holcraux, and Harry kills VOldemort. The elder wand becomes his. Due to Harry being the one that disarmed Drako. 
Flash forward to the future, Harry and Ginny are sending their kids to Hogwarts and Ron and Hermione are sending theirs.